tonight as you know we bade farewell to
another season of The Bachelorette but
fear not because tonight we also say
hello to a new Bachelor spin-off one of
them proud to host executive producer
and to share with you now I think you're
gonna like it here it is
the season premiere of baby bachelor in
paradise first there was the baby
bachelor then the baby Bachelorette and
now we bring you baby bachelor in
paradise
[Music]
[Applause]
a serene utopia for small children whose
parents for some reason had no problem
with them doing this from passionate
playdates to canoodling in the kiddie
pool which babies would pair off or be
sent napping as the first rivals get to
know each other familiar faces make
their return and some have done a lot of
growing up and I'm back for more well
since his appearance on the baby
bachelor ed Dylan has grown up a lot and
now installs and repairs above-ground
pools I like cars and fly fishing meet
Ethan a wild child from the baby
Bachelorette who loves rocks and doesn't
play by the rules
here's Aiden who's ready for fun let's
get this party started and Brendon who's
looking to make a fresh start
I'm coming up for long term
relationships and Cosette hi my name is
Cosette I always fall for bad boys like
this bad boy Alex
Alex I was the runner-up a baby batcher
announce what Alex recently got out of
prison for setting fire to a meth lab
but I'm here to be a good boy oh it is
so cute I make bad decisions new arrival
Maisie promises to bring the drama
[Music]
Maisie doesn't waste any time
hey Brendon I like you brought you to my
favorite
crazy Brendon how are you doing good
you're doing well are you enjoying this
time here in paradise
it seems like you got a lot on your mind
do you think Maisie is somebody that you
want to spend the rest of your life with
anyway she's kind of scary does it scare
you to be in love or are you just scared
of her oh yeah no you're just scared
Brendon do you keep a lot of Secrets no
Brendon do you have a child this season
which babies will run off into the
sunset and which will run home to mommy
well Brendon wet himself when his
estranged wife Charlie shows up real
amazing get even crazier
you will read faces send shockwaves
through paradise
and will someone please explain what
Dylan is talking about just saw a plant
love pants and the old super talking and
it's made of broccoli find out next time
on baby bachelor in paradise
alright thanks for watching if you like
that subscribe to our YouTube channel
for all the latest videos and if you
didn't subscribe anyway it's free who
cares